Rework CONTRIBUTING.md, extracting bits to new /docs/knowledge/* for … (#8303)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java: docs/knowledge/general-patterns.md

Public classes in `internal` packages are excluded from semver guarantees and Javadoc, but they
must carry one of the two standard disclaimers (enforced by the `OtelInternalJavadoc` Error Prone
check in `custom-checks/`):

```java
// Standard internal disclaimer:
/**
 * This class is internal and is hence not for public use. Its APIs are unstable and can change
 * at any time.
 */

// For incubating internal code that may be promoted to public API:
/**
 * This class is internal and experimental. Its APIs are unstable and can change at any time.
 * Its APIs (or a version of them) may be promoted to the public stable API in the future, but
 * no guarantees are made.
 */
```

Internal code must not be used across module boundaries — module `foo` must not call internal
code from module `bar`. Cross-module internal usage is a known issue being tracked and cleaned up
in open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java#6970.

## Javadoc

All public classes, and their public and protected methods, must have complete Javadoc including
all parameters — this is enforced for public APIs. Package-private and private members may have
Javadoc at the author's discretion.

- No `@author` tags.

> - New public API must include a `@since` annotation, but this is added as part of [release process](../../RELEASING.md), so omit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New public API elements require a `@since` annotation. This is added automatically during the
  [release process](../../RELEASING.md) — do not include it in your PR.
```
